you should think that marriages were
simple Affairs
boy-meets-girl long love they get
married have babies
eventually the babies grow up and meet
other babies they fall in love get
married and have babies so on
Oh Stanley I don't know how to explain
but a wedding a church wedding
well it's it's what every girl dreams of
a bridal dress the orange blossoms the
music it's something lovely to remember
all the rest of her life and something
for us true I my wedding and my oh hey
g'day what a time no one had to do
anything when the time comes I'll do
everything I mean every I go I would
Barrow wedding out of your bank you what
way I look here young man if you insist
upon a church wedding you can count me
out I wash my hands of the whole affair
you